Bi box or market place boxes are a bit large or small on some browsers an os. It is not consistent.
Move recent actions and your activity to the profiles box.
Add also in the profile add place to link Create API keys & Token list.
When closing the side bar don't cloes all the way, keep the icons that they can be presses but without the description.
The settings button shouldn't be exposed, just from by pressing on the profiles and it suggeting settings so go there. It shouldn't be shown on the side bar. Also change the it from settings to personal settings.
Change the close and open icon to an arrow to be clearer.
Replace the system online all services running with the company logo - just make up a logo, I'll replace it.
Move the production (environment) and release version fron the top of the page to be under the company logo in gray.
Add more description to the boxes in the analytics, explain what each box measures.
In the research tab make sure to emphasize the installation and setup, make sure the users know they should do that first. Maybe we need to enlarge that and making sure the user understand this is the first stage. Maybe number them.
In the marketplace when I press on inner tab it hard to understand it is selected. Make it look selected like the research inner tabs.
In the search bar when I look for a specific agent or mcp server and I click on it, bring me to the specific agent / mcp box, not just to the marletplace page.
In the marketplace when agent is live instead of live write running.
In the user management add a column that says if this is a system users or a sso users.
In the inner permission tab add filter option to see only specific box of tab.
Change the users tab name to Administration.
In the marketplace let Expiring and Critical be the same color, remove critical and just say expiring in red in less than 7 days. If it release make sure the user knows it persistance, because in dev you see the ttl, so they should know release is not expiring.
In the side bar remove the navaigation word.
When pressing in the settings on dark mode from the settings it is not being transform the sun to moon in the upper side bar. So you need to press twice. it looks like it does not save the state.
In the users (now administration) tab to the admin role add the ability to add groups, not just users.
In the marketplace there is the Auto-Delete in 0d on the top of the card makes the other look not equal in the height. So maybe remove it and just keep the expiring today.
When hovering over the publish entity button write that it is for publishing agent / mcp server. Or change the button name for publishing agent / mcp server.
In the market place description after the sentence Publish once, deploy anywhere. Do an enter don't continue the sentence on the same line.
There is the status bar Built, dev, expiring and so on, I want to make it filterable, so users can filter by status.
In the search box of agents names or by owner name put a frame so it will look better. In the status bar put pipeline to differ between them.
Overall make sure there is conssitency in all pages.
