UX:

Login page:
"Welcome to the future of Model Context Protocol"
	•	Why is mcp the main title? it is just one part of the whole solution.
	•	Why is the website "the future" of mcp?
  It should be more general about the AI portal and AI engagments.


If you want people to login with "company credentials" then that should be the action button with highlighted colors. It is not immediately clear which optoin i need to use.
As is, when i go to the login page for the first time, i am immediately presented with a choice. choice is bad - dont make me think!!!!!!!!
Hide the option for "or sign in with credentials", make it expandab;e so that someone who is looking for it can find it but dont make it always appear by default for all users.

Homepage:
The main welcome banner - don't have 3 unrelated sentences in a center aligned paragraph It is cognitively heavy for absolutely no gain. pick one, make it front and center.
If you REALLY need more than one sentence, have the scondary one be unerneath starting a new line. The first line can be bold, the scond one should not be.
DO NOT OVERLOAD THE USER!!!!!!

"Welcome, firstName lastName!" - if you want to be friendly, don't use the last name also. "Welcome firstName lastName!" vs "Welcome, firstName!" makes a HUGE difference and feels a lot more natural.
"intelligence meets infrastructure." - why is this part bolded?

AI marketplace - in what sense is it a marketplace? the description makes it sound like it is a "get started" panel. either the title or the description is not correct.
Binary Research - it only makes sense after i read the small text. rename it to  "binary file research", which instantly makes it clear that this isnt chatgpt style deep research but but rather a binary file scanner.


Marketplace:
Slack Notifier Agent - i wouldnt use exmaples that arent relevant to us
"MCP servers limit rweached - max 5" i should

Analytics Dashboard:
the panels are clickable but do nothing. they should not be clickable

UI:
"System Online All services running"
	•	The font color is very hard to read over the light colored background. Darken the background or change the color to match the background


The collapse/expand sidebar button's hover color doesnt match the website palette at all - where did neon blue come from? It appears in many places as a highlight color but it looks childish and disjointed.

it also isnt clear what it does until you click it.

In the sidebar, the currently selected tab has a blue neon dot and also the left side of the tab indicator has the same color in a small vertical line.
the line looks like a bug and not like it is there on purpose. I would just have the dot, if at all. the whole currently selected tab is highlit anyway - why do we even need the dot?

Recent Actions - "completed" pill - there isnt enough contrast with the green color and the background here either

Analytics Dashboard:
same hard to read /  low contrast green font color in panels like total requests
under error rate, you use the same automatic graph coloring as elsewhere. but a declining error rate should be green not red!

Admin:
User Management:
we shshouldnt be able to change password for sso users
the "change" button isnt clear until you click it.
